= virtual_box

This gem is a Ruby API for VirtualBox, Sun's open-source virtualization software
that supports Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows.

== Features

Currently, the gem supports the following features:
* VM creation and removal
* VM start, and stop
* Disk (VDI, VMDK, VHD) and DVD (ISO) images
* NAT, bridged, host-only and internal networking
* DHCP configuration for host-only and internal networks
* VirtualBox version detection (OSE vs. regular)

== Requirements

The gem requires that the VirtualBox command-line tools are installed and on 
the system's binary path. The gem is developed against the documentation for
VirtualBox 3.

== Limitations

This gem makes some simplifying assumptions (rails people would say it is
opinionated).

* VM configuration XML file management is completely delegated to VirtualBox;
the gem assumes and enforces the invariant that all XML files map to registered
VMs

== Contributing to virtual_box
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Victor Costan. See LICENSE.txt for further details.
